ser Story Instructions:
The following exercise has one user story to implement. Your goal is to have a working Ruby on Rails application that implements the use case.

You can assume the input is valid. You don't need to handle unexpected characters or invalid spacing in the input file, but you do need to handle wrong characters in the wrong places.


User Story 1 - Parse invoice numbers
We have recently decided to digitise our old invoice archives. Since finding a volunteer for such an arduous task was impossible, an employee was selected at random and instructed to type in all invoice numbers into a text file.

Little did we know that the employee we picked is an aspiring ASCII artist. Instead of handing us a file containing a set of numbers, we ended up with 7-segment display representations of the invoice numbers.

This is where you come in. Write a simple Ruby on Rails application that allows the user to upload a text file of 7-segment invoice numbers, and outputs a list with the parsed invoice numbers.

Input:

A text file containing several hundreds of invoice numbers in the following form:

      _  _     _  _  _  _  _  (line 1)
    | _| _||_||_ |_   ||_||_| (line 2)
    ||_  _|  | _||_|  ||_| _| (line 3)
                              (line 4)
      _  _  _  _  _  _     _  (line 5)
  |_||_|| ||_||_   |  |  ||_  (line 6)
    | _||_||_||_|  |  |  | _| (line 7)
                              (line 8)
Invoice number format:

Each invoice number is constructed of 9 digits [0..9]
Invoice number is written using _ and | characters.
Invoice number input takes 4 lines.
The first 3 lines contain 27 characters.
The fourth line is blank.
Note: You can use input_user_story_1.txt to feed your program.

Output:

A text file with the parsed invoice numbers. One number per row.

Example:

  123456789
  490867715
Note: You can use "digital file number.txt" to test that the output file generated by your program is correct.
